Man surprises a citizen of
average intelligence that the lawyer
has a photocopy, yes, however, the
polish is permanently filtering
the issue of them accused, it costs
reconstruction of facts, for me
absolutely legal evidence there may
even be a crime of disclosure of
secrets But above all the problem is
the content that for me is
absolutely not only what
the police do and what is controlled
by the judge in charge is valid Here I do see
a very small error, I don't know if you think
the same, but controlled by the judge, no,
because the case is not yet elevated to
any game My respects to García Monte, I
think he doesn't have a [ __ ] clue about
Thai legislation, therefore you don't
know if that is a crime of disclosure
of secrets And that is done like that in
Thailand, I don't think it is the first
reconstruction that the police have done And I
suppose that they have their methods that it is
not done the same as in Spain,
probably But the first thing you
have to inform yourself is How they are done in
Thailand and then there is another thing that
may not be the reconstruction
that is elevated because they have been done